README.md, before:

# react-composition-input
The input component optimized for languages like Chinese, Japanese etc. 

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-composition-input.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-composition-input)

[Demo](https://leoeatle.github.io/react-composition-input/)


[中文文档](https://github.com/LeoEatle/react-composition-input/blob/master/README_CH.md)

# Usage

`npm install --save react-composition-input`

```javascript
import { CInput } from 'react-composition-input';

class App extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
        <CInput onInputChange={this.handleInputChange} />
    );
  }
}
```
# Example & Development

```bash
npm install
npm start
```


# Why
When we type non-latin languages, e.g. Chinese, we need IME to compose our input until a word selection has been made. However, when we are changing the input field's value during a composition, the `onChange` event emits before the composition is finished. Which is not what we expect. And frequently calling `onChange` function may affect page performance.

According to [DOM3 spec](https://w3c.github.io/uievents/#event-type-compositionstart), composition events can help us avoid emitting `onChange` event before the composition event is finished. We can use a variable to tag the status of composition. By using `react-composition-input`, the `onInputChange` callback will only be called after `compositionend` event is emitted. 

You can see the difference through the gif below.

![original_input](./assets/original_input.gif)![optimized_input](./assets/optimized_input.gif)


You can read [this article by Evan You](http://blog.evanyou.me/2014/01/03/composition-event/) to know more about DOM composition event.

# Q & A
### Why `value` props not work in this input?
I use inner state to manage the `value` of input. So **Please do not pass value as props to `react-composition-input`**. A warning will show up if you do so.

### Why to detect Chrome and call `onInputChange` after `compositionend` event?
After Chrome v53, the `compositionend` event is emitted after `textInput` event. It causes that `compositionend` event emitted but `onInputChange` function is not be called. So we need to call `onInputChange` for another time.

You can see the [source code of chromium](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/afce9d93e76f2ff81baaa088a4ea25f67d1a76b3%5E!/) for more details.

### Why to use [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/) as the bundler?
I use [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/) to develop because parcel is really simple and convenient to build a demo page for component. Don't worry if you use webpack or other bundlers because the production code is produced through [Babel](https://babeljs.io/).

Commit message:

Update to be more compatiable with iOS native keyboard

README.md, after:

# react-composition-input
The input component optimized for languages like Chinese, Japanese etc. 

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-composition-input.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-composition-input)

[Demo](https://leoeatle.github.io/react-composition-input/)


[中文文档](https://github.com/LeoEatle/react-composition-input/blob/master/README_CH.md)

# Usage

`npm install --save react-composition-input`

```javascript
import { CInput } from 'react-composition-input';

class App extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
        <CInput onInputChange={this.handleInputChange} />
    );
  }
}
```
# Example & Development

```bash
npm install
npm start
```


# Why
When we type non-latin languages, e.g. Chinese, we need IME to compose our input until a word selection has been made. However, when we are changing the input field's value during a composition, the `onChange` event emits before the composition is finished. Which is not what we expect. And frequently calling `onChange` function may affect page performance.

According to [DOM3 spec](https://w3c.github.io/uievents/#event-type-compositionstart), composition events can help us avoid emitting `onChange` event before the composition event is finished. We can use a variable to tag the status of composition. By using `react-composition-input`, the `onInputChange` callback will only be called after `compositionend` event is emitted. 

You can see the difference through the gif below.

![original_input](./assets/original_input.gif)![optimized_input](./assets/optimized_input.gif)


You can read [this article by Evan You](http://blog.evanyou.me/2014/01/03/composition-event/) to know more about DOM composition event.

# Update
I find that some IME also behaves differently on composition event. If you use Apple native keyboard on iOS, the onInput event is emmited before the composition event. If you use Google keyboard instead, the composition event will never be emitted. The onInput event will only be emitted when the composition is over(which is a good thing but not a standard thing).

So I change the way to detect the sequence of event firing. To make it more compatiable for most situations.

# Q & A
### Why `value` props not work in this input?
I use inner state to manage the `value` of input. So **Please do not pass value as props to `react-composition-input`**. A warning will show up if you do so.

### Why to detect Chrome and call `onInputChange` after `compositionend` event?
After Chrome v53, the `compositionend` event is emitted after `textInput` event. It causes that `compositionend` event emitted but `onInputChange` function is not be called. So we need to call `onInputChange` for another time.

You can see the [source code of chromium](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/afce9d93e76f2ff81baaa088a4ea25f67d1a76b3%5E!/) for more details.

### Why to use [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/) as the bundler?
I use [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/) to develop because parcel is really simple and convenient to build a demo page for component. Don't worry if you use webpack or other bundlers because the production code is produced through [Babel](https://babeljs.io/).
